springtime is almost here it's very
stinging the squirrels are frolicking
the bunnies are well you know what the
bunnies are doing but for most of us
humans springtime means spring cleaning
oh joy I can't wait to get started oh
excuse me for a second hello oh hi big
boy won the Big Dance well sure I'd love
to go I can hardly wait okay bye how
exciting I was just asked to the Big
Dance shucks looks like spring cleaning
will just have to wait I have so many
things to do I need to shop for a new
dress fix my hair learn the latest
krumping moves oh excuse me again hello
What's Wrong beard Betty guess what I
was just as to the Big Dance I know
Betty that's why I'm calling the Big
Dance it's not really a dance oh it's
not nobody it's actually college
basketball's biggest tournament you know
the final four but it's sometimes
referred to as March man
or the big day from well I see thanks
for clearing that up Betty talk to you
later toodles buddy well with the big
dance just around the corner my
barbecued chicken pizzas are not only a
slam dunk for your final floor party
they're quick easy and can be prepared
before the shot clock expires in a bowl
combine chopped chicken sautéed red
onion marinara sauce barbecue sauce and
shredded cheeses stir together spread
mixture on flatbread and toss on the
grill what grill over medium heat until
crust is crispy and cheese is melted
lice into quarters and garnish with a
sprinkling of chopped green onions and a
slice of avocado
so be the Cinderella story of this
year's tournament by serving up some
barbecue chicken pizzas in your final
four party point you can score big with
average Betty use the code Betty at
godaddy.com and save ten percent off
your entire order